Roadmap - Step 7 not visible until I get there (shows Step X of 6). 

Issues with the roadmap results themselves:
1. Far too duplicative - there are four or 5 different places where the guidance recommends asking for a public defender or contacting attorney, including three separate times in the Urgent takeaways and again in the overview just beneath them. 
2. The Urgent Takeaways section itself is duplicative, as all of these items appear in the What Matters Now section. 
3. My recommendation - remove the Urgent Takeaways section. If a user indicates they don’t have a lawyer, include the suggestion that the user immediately get a lawyer or request a lawyer to be appointed to them at their next court appearance. Also in the overview, tell the user to see the “What Matters Now” section for next steps
4. In the What Matters Now section, also remove duplicative items (we typically tell a lawyer to ask for a public defender right away if they can’t afford a lawyer, ask for a lawyer before questioning, tell the police you want a lawyer, and contact lawyer as four separate action items. This should be consolidated into one action item. 
5. In the what matters now section, avoid giving legal advice. We should be providing legal information. Rather than strict Dos and Do nots for things that could be considered legal advice, we should instead be telling the user to “Consider X” or “Consider Y”, or that “In cases like yours, it is typically helpful to…” This is not ideal from a direct/clear guidance standpoint, but we do not want to risk the Unlicensed Practice of Law. 
6. The “Next Steps” section is also at least partially duplicative with the “What Matters Now” section. How are these sections intended to be different? What is one supposed to cover/prioritize that the other does not? Let’s make sure these sections are different and independently useful. If they are not, we should consolidate under what heading (I would lean towards a consolidated “Next Steps” section. 
7. In the Roadmap results, I don’t see any guidance/information related to the collateral consequences answers (eg a user being on parole/probation or having a license). There should be a section that addresses those potential concerns. 