General Problem: The most important and data intensive feature on OpenDefender is the Case Guidance feature. Its primary service is allowing users to select the crimes they are charged with (based on their local jurisdictions), answer questions specifying their specific circumstances and concerns, and receive guidance tailored to their jurisdiction, charges, circumstances and concerns. This requires that we have an accurate inventory of all charges based on current state and federal criminal codes for every jurisdiction we support. However, to date, the charge lists are not comprehensive and verified. Our previous efforts to build this out via agents led to agents filling in charge names and related information using model codes and “best guesses” rather than relying on actual verified criminal codes.

Solution: Have our agent go through each state’s criminal code one by one, verify the charges (including charge names, descriptions, code/statute citations, and penalties), input them into the Case Guidance platform, and maintain our own database of all of the state charges. The end product should be a complete database of all state criminal charges with accurate, verified citations and names, all of those charges being accessible in the case guidance flow, and users receiving accurate advice based on the charges they select. 

Implementation Issues: We have  started the state by state review process and it has gone much more slowly than anticipated with setbacks. The most significant issue is that the agent had required an attorney to manually review many charges for each state to confirm the charge name and citation. Typically this is for one of the following reasons:
The agent’s classification of the charge does not match what the code/state says. For example, the agent has classified a crime in a particular state as “Murder in the First Degree” when in fact that state calls it “Aggravated Murder”. The Case Guidance flow should present that charge in that state as “Aggravated Murder” - we want the charge to match what an individual would see on their charging documentation. 
Duplicates - often the agent has identified the same provision either for the same crime or for two different crimes when in fact the statute/code only presents one crime. 
Multiple Crimes in Provision - alternatively, sometimes the agent thinks a provision only contains one crime when it contains multiple. For example, some states have the crime of Felonious Assault. However, Felonious Assault can apply to multiple different kinds of assault, including Assault with a Deadly Weapon of Sexual Assault. The agent should present these as separate crimes as such: Felonious Assault - Deadly Weapon and Felonious Assault - Sexual Assault. However, the agent is not able to parse this and requests manual review. 

There may be other reasons the agent required manual review. However, the agents inability to resolve these issues on its own and requiring manual review to identify proper charge names and correct citations is slowing this project down. 

New Plan/Solution: I would like to have a more advanced agent review the work we have done on this project. It should center the goals we are aiming to achieve, review the current agent workflows, particularly how it is identifying and parsing the correct state criminal codes/statues to identify charge names, where it is running into errors in the automated process, and fix them so more of the work can be done in an automated/uniform manner. First, take a look at everything currently available in the case guidance database. Confirm the errors/gaps we have identified as the General Problem above. Then review what the agent has done to address these gaps in the proposed Solution above. Then, before taking action, propose a plan to fill those gaps and meet this project’s objectives in a manner that does not require tedious manual review of data entry. Manual review of legal issues is fine, but issues like identifying the right charge name (typically easily identifiable by statute heading) should not require manual review.  

Restating Goals
We should have all felony charges in a state criminal code, and as many misdemeanors as reasonably possible available to be selected in the Case Guidance. Misdemeanor charges should be prioritized by commonality - we want to have the most common misdemeanors available, but it is ok if we are unable to include fringe ones. 
We should only include verified charges in the database. If we feel a particular state is incomplete re verified charges, we should say so (i.e. include a message saying we are still populating this state’s database with charges, many are missing)
We want the names of the charges to match what that jurisdiction calls the charge (and thus what defendants see on their paperwork and what criminal attorneys would expect that charge to be called in that jurisdiction). 
The charges should be traceable and linked directly back to the code where it is available online. If for some reason a cite directly to a state’s official website is not available, we CAN cite to a third party cite like westlaw or Findlaw, but we should flag all of these for review later. 
Ideally we can rely on existing work to also provide links to jury instructions that better explain charges where appropriate (statutes can be confusing, but jury instructions often explain charges in more plain english). 
